wa
This is
click on the forehead want to perform
In the box for Search programs and files, enter the term
System settings
click on the entry advanced in the upper area of ​​the hit list
System Settings Display
Understanding the dialog box Properties opens. Click on the
Computer Protection tab
mark the drive for one below with a mouse click
Typically, local disk c would like to set the recovery point
system
then click on the Create button at the bottom of it
in real dialogue world they give a meaningful name for the new
Restore Point
then click when set
he was haunted by the System Restore
click unlock in the confirmation box
stand around the lake as needed for
To use a system restore click the thing through icons
In the box for Search programs and files, enter the term
System Restore
Click on System Restore in the hit list
In the System Restore dialog box, click Next
mark the recovery point you created by clicking on it
Continue and follow the further instructions to complete
Restore the system at the time you choose
Nantes
HM Hmm Hmm Hmm Hmm